chore(card): Convert to a Compound Component and create codemod (#1028)
Workday/canvas-kit: modules/react/card/stories/card.stories.mdx

# Canvas Kit Card

> Generic Canvas Card component. The card is a presentational
> [compound component](../../../../modules/docs/mdx/COMPOUND_COMPONENTS.mdx) is a building block for
> other components, like Popups and Modals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generic Canvas Card component. The card is a presentational
[compound component](../../../../modules/docs/mdx/COMPOUND_COMPONENTS.mdx) used as a building block for
other components, like Popups and Modals.
```

```

## Usage

### Simple Card

Cards have a `Card.Body` and an optional `Card.Header`:

<ExampleCodeBlock code={Default} />

### Padding

Padding of the card can be changed via the `padding` prop:

<ExampleCodeBlock code={WithNoPadding} />

### Depth

Card also takes `depth` levels, which changes the perceived "height above the canvas" of the card.
This changes the box shadow surrounding the card. Values are `inset`, or 0-4. Here's an inset card:

<ExampleCodeBlock code={Depth} />

## Components

### Card

The `Card` component is the container component that holds a `Card.Body` and an optional
`Card.Header`. The `Card` component wraps a non-semantic `div` element. The element can be replaced
using the `as` prop or a `role` or other `aria-*` attributes can be added to give the card container
semantic meaning.

#### Component Props

<ArgsTable of={Card} />

### Card.Header

The `Card.Header` component is an optional sub-component that is meant to describe the card. Since
the `Card` is a non-semantic presentational component, the `Card.Header` does not automatically have
any semantic meaning. If your use-case requires the header to label the card, you must do so

> manually. For example, the `Modal` component uses a `Card` and adds a `aria-labelledby` and a `role`
> to the `Card` contaienr component and adds an `id` to the `Card.Header` component:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
manually. For example, the `Modal` component uses a `Card`. It adds an `aria-labelledby` and a `role`
to the `Card` container component, then adds an `id` to the `Card.Header` component:
```
